Lab Assignment #2: Comparison of Programming Languages: Due Friday July 14th by 11 PM!!
Refer to Energia and Code Composer Example Code as well as the code in Example 5.2 of the textbook for the Energia, C, and assembly programs to reference for this assignment:
For this assignment, you will compare different implementations of the Blinking LED program. 
First compare versions of the Blink LED program in Ardiuno (Energia), C, and Assembly written for your MSP430FR2355 Microcontroller using the Set/Delay/Clear/Delay/Loop Algorithm below (as the Arduino example is already written). Use a 1 second toggle rate. Remember that the default CPU speed for your MSP430 is 1 MHz.
Initialize the board
Configure the pin direction for the LED
Set the LED pin (HIGH)
Delay for 1 second*
Clear the LED pin (LOW)
Delay for 1 second*
Loop back to step c
Now compare versions of the Blink LED program in Ardiuno (Energia), C, and Assembly written for your MSP430FR2355 Microcontroller using the  Toggle/Delay/Loop Algorithm below (as the C and Assembly examples are already written). Again, use a 1 second toggle rate. Remember that the default CPU speed for your MSP430 is 1 MHz.
Initialize the board
Configure the pin direction for the LED
Toggle the LED pin
Delay for 1 second*
Loop back to step c
Discuss the pros and cons of implementing version of the program using across the 3 different languages.

* Creating the 1 second delay in C and Assembly: In C, use the intrinsic function called "__delay_cycles()" to create the 1 sec delay. In the case of Assembly, use trial and error to create one or more delay loops to create the nearest SW delay.
Other helpful hints:
- Toggle a pin's value in the Arudino language as follows:   digitalWrite(pin_name, digitalRead(pin_name);
- Use the "bic.b" and "bis.b" instructions to explicitly clear and set bit values on a port in assembly language.
- Use "=", instead of "^=", to explicitly clear and set bit values on a port in C language.
- In order for Energia to compile to your MSP430FR2355 LaunchPad, you may have to go into "Board: "MSP-EXP430FR2355LP" >> Boards Manager ..." under the Tools Manager in the Energia IDE, and select to install version 1.0.5 of the "Energial MSP430  boards" package (this is an unresolve bug at this time)
What to turn in Individually
1. Commented code for all 6 program variations implementations.  
2. A paragraph discussing the pros and cons of using each of the 3 programming languages for this application considering factors such as memory usage, ease of programming, source code size, etc. 
